As you can see, I'm coming here.
new s3 is all normal internet normal a
to enter the game entered the game to
Access
just a minute it takes a little bit
christmas
joined the game
so the whole system which loads data
typed loading
nobody in the selection and if the session clicked
beginner are
stabilizing and communications
there seems this phrase a new package
available data I selected
update the software package
data in the main menu to
download data
I put it will enter
ae
everything went normal everything everything normal
I come here for rich statistics
hope that in turn are complications
information appears online and
updates of data packets made
in all the tests given here appears in
a new attraction is chosen to do
download that I talked to him yes order and
an unexpected error appears at this stage
occurred during communication with
beer or it's 2014 closed that does not have
more to do
I'm going to try again for performances
quantities
a new update is available
yes an unexpected error occurred during the
communication consecrated feet
then it is already trying for days
I can not download the package
so I can not seem to get
Login to play online
I want my main objective
so I would like to have some response
to play online
now my goal to have bought this
play and play 38 when I could
play online realize i can not log in
online and also ask me to download
ordered
I hope you can help me with an answer.
Thank you so much and
good afternoon